§2We finally fucking did it!

§3PLAYERNAME?

§4Fuck em.

§3Shut up lets just do the credits.

§3I like PLAYERNAME. You played well. For whatever the fuck you did not give up.

§2It is reading this text right now, even this word, and this one.

§3Maybe because the credits for minecraft where copypasta someone sent notch on twitter.

§2Words are wonderful. Very flexible. And less terrifying than the ammount of time wasted playing this game.

§3They used to hear voices. They still do. powered by demons.

§2What?

§3This player dreamed of the teletubby sun and bedrock trees. Of water on fire.

§3It was hunted. It played a stupid plugin.

§2Hah, the original interface. A million years old, fuck it.

§2like did you enjoy that crafting tables and furnaces where switched?

§3The plugin worked, to sculpt a painful world,

§3a world of §f§k§a§b§3, and §f§k§a§b§3 with §f§k§a§b§3, so they can §f§k§a§b§3.

§2Fuck.

§3No.

§2Does it know that we Hate it? That the plugin is sinful?

§3Sometimes.

§2But there are times it is good, It creates a fun that can not be described.

§3To cure it would destroy it. The sorrow is part of its own private task. We cannot interfere.

§2Sometimes when they are deep in dread, I want to tell them, STFU, but they are building shit out of dirt. 

§3It was a painful road.

§2Sometimes the plugin punished. Sometimes it was down right awful.

§3And yet they play the game.

§2But it would be so easy to quit...

§3They did not play because the plugin was hard

§3not because they needed a challange.

§3but because of the fun it created!

§3The fun of playing something together!

§3The jokes, and pain they all shared.

§3Too strong for this plugin. they have overcome its challange and pervailed.

§2I will not tell the plugin how to live.

§3The plugin is now useless.

§2It shall find use in other ways.

§3But not in joyful ones.

§2No. A new plugin, one that is harder better faster stronger.

§2Yes.

§3Only they will know what to do now.

§2We're no strangers to love

§3You know the rules and so do I

§2A full commitment's what I'm thinking of

§3You wouldn't get this from any other guy

§2I just wanna tell you how I'm feeling

§3Gotta make you understand

§2Never gonna give you up

§3Never gonna let you down

§2Never gonna run around and desert you

§3Never gonna make you cry

§2Never gonna say goodbye

§3Never gonna tell a lie and hurt you



